hi everyone its Mike and haven't been
out to the woods this week clearly
because uh I've had a cold and making
videos with cold obviously I've got
higher chesty cough and so sorry about
that today some dinner
search start do a review of this dearth
now this is alcohol stove made by Varga
it's called the decagon stirs and it is
solid titanium which means it's
incredibly light I'm just bringing it
closer to the camera to give you the
view it's got some raised tops here just
to get the most out of the flames that
actually come out of the holes on the
side if you can see that it's got a hole
in here where the alcohol actually goes
down into and this is varga titanium on
the back as bushcraft is we usually have
a fire sometimes you're out on the trail
and you just want to have a quick quick
roof so you might use a Nesbitt stove or
whatever I might use a titanium stove
like this because it was nothing
you can carry the alcohol in a little
bowl of the methylated spirits and
biscuits so what I'm gonna do is I'm
just gonna set that down there if we see
that and I'm just gonna fill mister with
alcohol now this stove is actually
incredibly wicked because I managed to
leave it out in the garden for about the
month and nothing's happened to it
although my one of my tips like this
will be to put a bit of spirits or the
alcohol over the edge and obviously make
thought make sure your bottles Dan take
your face still okay you've gotta watch
out with alcohol service guys because
basically the flame band it's very clear
the reason I said put a bit of alcohol
on the side it's so that it makes it
prime faster because the fumes have
actually got to go out and it if you
don't put any on the side that's why I
said just just a little bit no you know
don't drown it enough a massive puddle
or out like that and because it will
flare up start to sweat so that it's
prime you should see it start to brown -
yeah
so what I'm having for dinner today is
tomato basil soup these are just from
all of the bowler supermarkets and you
get a chance to bushcraft would say you
basically get them ready-made
don't
sit my crusader cook right on top the
stove
so everyone know this is a bit of a
detail but you saw me splitting all
those logs back down there now this is
the pile I actually have to split the
moment so it's quite a lot of splitting
in there but I'll get them with it my
soup is a nice
just bring you in
on the actual stairs
so you can see under there very hard to
tell but that's the stuff working so I'm
just gonna sit here have my soup and
then get on with my splitting I'm sorry
about not being able to get into the
woods this week at the moment
but you know I can't help having a cold
so thanks for watching guys stay tuned
I'll see you on the next video